as units largest independent car
retailer we are pleased to offer the
hyundai santa fe 2.2 CRDi
premium for peel drive it delivers a
combined fuel consumption of forty six
point three miles per gallon and
features 18-inch alloy wheels electric
heated folding door mirrors and rear
parking sensors let's take a look inside
inside the Santa Fe it's easy to get
comfortable on these leather seats the
driver's seat has electric lumbar
support on both the front seats are
heated there is a leather wrapped
steering wheel with controls for your
audio bluetooth with voice recognition
cruise control and a multi-function trip
computer in the center of the dash there
is a 7-inch color touch screen display
for your radio CD mp3 player satellite
navigation and rear view camera below
that are the dials for the dual zone
climate control there's plenty of third
in this car that are storage bins in
each door with bottle holders in the
center console there is a storage tray
with two 12-volt power points and aux-in
socket and USB port behind the gear
stake there are two cupholders a handy
coin tray and there is a generous amount
of storage under the armrest a
sunglasses holder up here and a large
glove box
safety features of this car include
abs-ebd brake assist he'll assist
automatic headlights and wipers
traction control seven airbags and ISO
fix points and the second row seats
which all go towards giving this car a
5-star Euro and Cup safety rating let's
take a look in the boot
the boo has a capacity of 560 meters
which more than travels on 40/20/40 rear
seats are split and folded using these
handy levers there is a 12-volt power
point and a handy storage under the boot
carpet and a full-size spare wheel if
you would like to find out more above
the high end I Santa Fe or to book a
test drive
click inquire now at Arnold Clark calm